"There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn't."
"It's never overreacting to ask for what you want and need."
"This feeling will pass. The fear is real but the danger is not."
"What people never understand is that depression isn't about the outside; it's about the inside."
"The acknowledgement of having suffered evil is the greatest step forward in mental health."
"The hidden strength is too deep a secret. But in the end...in the end it is our only ally."
"None of us know how to fix ourselves, at least not entirely, not well enough."
"I keep moving ahead, as always, knowing deep down inside that I am a good person and that I am worthy of a good life."
"Emotions influence every action we take. So the more we are aware of our feelings, the more we gain conscious control over our lives."
"When our past wounds get reactivated over and over again in our lives, they can throw our emotions seriously out of balance."
"Behind every trigger is a wound in our past."
"True emotional healing doesn't happen without feeling. The only way out is through."
"It's okay to not be okay - it means that your mind is trying to heal itself."
"Desire arises when we look to the external world to make our internal world feel better."
"Setting boundaries brings division, honoring boundaries brings unity."
"I felt guilty about that for a while until I realized everyone is just a collage of their favorite parts of other people."
"Because trying to use logic to explain anxiety is like using a banana to open a locked safe."
"People should try to understand and not outcry them. The stigma should be erased."
"When someone needs something in order to feel better, that something returns him love."
"The first step to treat a mental illness is acceptance."
"We all have things - and sometimes people - we are unable to look in the eye."
"Mental health issues are people's everyday lives. And, as a society, we need to accept that."
"Our shame becomes toxic when we internalize messages from other that don't deserve our health and well-being."
"It is quite common for people to be nervous or embarrassed about visiting a psychiatrist. It shouldn't be, but it is."
"Boundaries and sensitivity are directly connected."
"The quickest way to end up feeling anger all the time is to repress it and fight against it."
"It can be a good thing, too, to learn to sit in your own weirdness."
"It's not easy trying to stay afloat when the current keeps pulling you under."
"Mental health is an important topic. It's not just for attention."
"Having the capacity to pause for a moment and question a thought is powerful."
"Mental health is an important topic, and should be discussed more frequently. It's not "attention seeking."
"I came unglued and went back together the wrong way and fell apart again."
"What super powers are hiding behind your insanities?"
"Changing our perspectives allows us to shift from the mental trap of rumination to the empowerment of reflection."
"Dear Stranger, I'm going to tell you now that if you are here to stay, I will ask for too much."
"What if fighting was no longer your first answer but change is?"
"Depression... is what your suffering actually yours?"
"Are you aiming for perfection or happiness?"
"Medicate less and meditate more."
"the damage that had been done was probably deeper than anyone imagined"
"Those who suffer from depression would know that all the things that might seem nonsensical are eventually real."
"It just takes time. I have to ride the roller coaster to the end."
"In spite of it all I didn't want to die."
"I had to lose my mind to find myself, and when I found myself, my mind returned."
"Do not let the things that try to steal your peace rob you of your joy."
"Maintaining strong mental health is integral to ensuring every student feels safe, supported, and significant."
"Although one can see physical injury, one cannot see mental illness. What makes them alike is that both are just as grave."
"But it's like my mind and my brain are two separate things, working against each other. I can't get them to cooperate."
"Happiness" alone does not guarantee mental health and well-being."
"Your mental health is more important than everything."
"Mental illness should be treated instead of blamed."
"If you reach your mind's potential, you will reach your body's potential."
"Find the you that is buried and only then will you be able to become the best version of you."
"This topic of mental health is difficult to talk about for it is different for every single person."
"Mental health is important to survival in both the educational and corporate worlds."
"Walk the fine line between logic and emotions, for a live driven by either extreme is certain misery."
"The fear of betrayal disappears when you aren't ashamed of your story."
"When your mind is in a dark place it is difficult not to think in shadows."
"People think depression is dark: it is white noise covering the mental landscape."
"Guard the doors of your temple, do not let anyone pollute it with their mess."
"Lunatics are not the only ones to be called lunatics."
"Not forgiving someone is like taking a poison and expecting the other person to die from it."
"The bravest journey is the one within."
"Let's not have opinions or judgments on how people survive their lives."
"Show up as the real you. The airbrushed you isn't sustainable, or even half as awesome."
"Health is life energy in abundance."
"Your consciousness will lead you home."
"Stop trying to bend your mind around someone else's organizing framework."
"GET OFF the paved path. It's way too BASIC for you. There's AIR to BREATHE."
"When we continuously snuggle up to antiquated ideas, we shut our eyes against the light of our potential."
"No food will ever hurt you as much as an unhealthy mind."
"You may have to fight a battle more than once."
"Let go a little and just let life happen."
"Don't waste your pain. Recycle your heart."
"Don't allow others to hurry your healing. It is a process, one that may take years...and that's OK."
"You deserve to heal."
"Happiness comes in waves, it'll find you again."
"Recovery is not one and done. It is a lifelong journey that takes place one day, one step at a time."
"Your mental health is priority. Your happiness is an essential. Your self-care is a necessity."
"Sometimes you just need to have faith that things will work out."
"You aren't the things that haunt you. You aren't the pain you feel."
"You are enough. You have enough. You do enough."
"I'm not faking being sick. I'm actually faking being well!"
"You are beautiful because you let yourself feel, and that is a brave thing indeed."
"Scars tell the story of where you've been. They don't dictate where you're going."
"Sometimes our needs and desires must be expressed, even at the expense of shattering the image others have created of us."
"Tend your triggers with love."
"Love all the hurt, traumatized, and abandoned parts of yourself. Honoring all of them gives your wholeness a voice."
"Self-care is how you take your power back."
"There is no shame in taking medication for mental illness. Do whatever works for you."
"Trauma creates changes you don't choose. Healing is about creating changes that you do choose."
"It's okay to need help. It's okay to no be okay. Your mental illness is not a personal failure."
"Don't give up one me when I isolate myself."
"Your mental health is more important than the test, the interview..., and the grocery-run. Take care of yourself."
"If I can survive the war that I battle with myself, I can survive anything."
"Out of the suffering emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars."
"You are strong for surviving."
"I believe in you."
"Mental illness is not a personal failure."
"None of your scars make you less worthy or lovable."
"Your feelings are valid. You have the right to feel whatever you feel."
"You aren't being dramatic, You're hurting, and that's okay."
"I am exhausted from trying to be stronger than I feel."
"And if today all you did was hold yourself together, I'm proud of you."
"How you feel isn't who you are."
"Stay strong, your story isn't over yet."
"Sleep is self-care too."
"Yes, I am in recovery. Because even though today was hard, I'm still choosing to be here tomorrow."
"You need to look after yourself too. If you need rest, rest. If you need time alone, retreat."
"Having feelings doesn't make you a "negative person". It makes you human."
"Healing is hard, staying wounded is harder."
"Some of the greatest battles will be fought within the silent chambers of your own soul."
"The biggest battles are the ones that rage within us."
"We are all looking for places to put our pain."
"I am not afraid of the dark, I'm more afraid of not finding the light once again."
"Not all scars show. Not all wounds heal. Sometimes you can't see the pain someone feels."
"Healing isn't about changing who you are; it's about changing your relationship to who you are."
"I need a break from my own thoughts."
"Healing takes time, and asking for help is a courageous step."
"It all begins with you. If you do not care for yourself, you will not be strong enough to take care of anything in life."
"Semicolon is where the author could've ended the sentence but decided to keep going. The author is you, and the sentence is your life."
"Just do what you can today."
"There's strength within you, even when you feel weak. Keep fighting."
"Don't tell someone to get over it; help them get through it."
"As bad as it was, I learned something about myself. That I could go through something like that and survive."
"Depression doesn't differentiate between the rich and poor I suppose but it still feels that way."
"It took me a long time to realize that my depression was valid. It's valid for everyone no matter what."
"Your value doesn't decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth."
"Mental health is too important to be left to the professionals alone, and mental health is everyone's business."
"Self-esteem is as important to our well-being as legs are to a table."
"A child's mental health is just as important as their physical health and deserves the same quality of support."
"Change the way we all talk to each other about our mental health."
"Mental health is often missing from public health debates even though it's critical to well-being."
"Pain is real, but so is hope."
"Mental illness is not a choice, but recovery is."
"Sadness, disappointment, and severe challenge are events in life, not life itself."
"Please don't judge people. You never truly know the daily struggle of others."
"Yes I over-think, but I also over-love."
"Don't ask me to snap out of it."
"You can' tell just by looking at someone what they are dealing with inside."
"Never apologize to others for their misunderstanding of who you are."
"I am still me, no matter my mental health."
"Don't be ashamed of your story. It will inspire others."
"The deepest pain I ever felt was denying my own feelings to make everyone else comfortable."
"Ignore those who say just get over it. Healing is a process."
"Don't judge my path if you haven't walked my journey."
"Those who suffer from mental illness are stronger than you think."
"The most violent element in society is ignorance."
"The only thing more exhausting than having a mental illness is pretending you don't."
"We will never get back the life we waste trying to be normal."
"The strongest people are ... those who fight and win battles that others do not know anything about."
"Let today be the day you stop living within the confines of how others define or judge you."
"Indifference and neglect often do more damage than outright dislike."
"The problem with the stigma around mental health is really about the stories that we tell ourselves as a society."
"Never let the opinions of others become the measure of your self worth."
"It is not our differences that divide us. It is our inability to recognize, accept, and celebrate those differences."
"Never waste your time trying to explain yourself to people who are committed to misunderstanding you."
"Your illness does not define you. Your strength and courage does."
"You are not your illness. You have a name, a history, a personality. Staying yourself is the battle."
"Don't let your struggle become your identity."
"When we deny out stories, they define us. When we own our stories, we get to write a brave new ending."
"Not all wounds are so visible. Walk gently into the lives others."
"You are so brave and quiet, I forget you are suffering."
"I am the same person I was before you found out I have a mental disorder."
"A sick thought can devour the body's flesh more than fever or consumption."
"The bravest thing I ever did was continuing my life when I wanted to die."
"I will be stronger than my sadness."
"To be ill adjusted to a deranged world is not a breakdown."
"Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal."
"Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts."
"There are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds."
"It is not the the bruises on the body that hurt. It is the wounds of the heart and the scars on the mind."
"Maybe you have to know the darkness before you can appreciate the light."
"There is always a tomorrow."
"Mental illnesses deserve just as much attention as any other illness."
"Keep going and don't worry about your speed."
"Be patient. Good things take time."
"You are so much stronger than you believe you are, but sometimes it takes a lot of heartache to know that."
"An empty lantern provides no light. Self-care is the fuel that allows your light to shine brightly."
"Healing is not linear."
"Today, pick your own pace and your own path. We all need a day to slow down, regroup and recharge."
"I am working on learning how to be whole and free within myself."
"You're a warrior, and you're stronger than anything life throws your way."
"Sensitive people suffer more, but they love more and dream more."
"Even the simplest task can be overwhelming at times."
"If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it."
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart."
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination."
"As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them."
"Today I choose life."
"The problem with having problems is that 'someone' always has it worse."
"What mental health needs is more sunlight, more candor, and more unashamed conversation."
"Just because you don’t understand it doesn't mean it isn’t so."
"Sometimes the people around you won't understand your journey. They don’t need to, it's not for them."
"One small crack does not mean that you are broken, it means that you were put to the test and you didn't fall apart."
"And a critical world judges her cracks while missing the beauty of how she made herself whole again."
"I am still learning how to stop apologizing for my wild."
"Nobody can save you but yourself, and you're worth saving."
"Healing takes time, and asking for help is a courageous step."
"You are worthy, always."
"We need to change the culture of this topic and make it ok to speak about mental health and suicide."
"I now see how owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we will ever do."
"Pain is real. But so is hope."
"Sadness, disappointment, and severe challenge are events in life, not life itself."
"Unexpressed emotions will never die. They are buried alive and will come forth later in uglier ways."
"Mental illness is not a choice, but recovery is."
"Mental illness is so much more complicated than any pill that any mortal could invent."
"I know what it's like to be afraid of your own mind."
"Your struggle is part of your story."
"The struggle you're in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow. Don't give up."
"Start by doing what's necessary, then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible."
"Your illness is not your identity. Your chemistry is not your character."
"You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have the right to be here."
"I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship."
"In the middle of winter I at last discovered that there was in me an invincible summer."
"If there is no struggle, there is no progress."
"To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance."
"If you're going through hell, keep going."
"Be patient and tough; some day this pain will be useful to you."
"Your days are like pages, the chapters unread; you have to keep turning, your book has no end."
"I'm not lazy. I'm exhausted from fighting my way through every single day."
"Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal."
"Mental pain is less dramatic than physical pain, but it is more common and also more hard to bear."
"I'll never forget how the depression and loneliness felt good and bad at the same time. Still does."
"Maybe you have to know the darkness before you can appreciate the light."
"One in four people, like me, have a mental health problem. Many more have a problem with that."
"Mental health is not a destination, but a process. It's about how you drive, not where you're going."
"One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star."
"Anybody can look at you. It's quite rare to find someone who sees the same world you see."
"I had noticed that both in the very poor and very rich extremes of society the mad were often allowed to mingle freely."
"Sometimes it's okay of the only thing you did today was breathe."
"Love yourself more. You deserve the love you give to everyone else."
"You aren't what happened to you, you are how you've overcome it."
"Remember the time you thought you never could survive? You did and you can do it again."
"Life is tough, but so are you."
"You don't need to be at your lowest to get help."
"My dark days made me strong. Or maybe I already was strong, and they made me prove it."
"Just because you think you're worthless doesn't make it true."
"You are more than your darkness."
"What's broken can be mended. What hurts can be healed. And no matter how dark it gets, the sun is going to rise again."
"Your speed doesn't matter, forward is forward."
"Don't be ashamed of your story. It will inspire others."
"It is easier to build up a child that it is to repair an adult."
"You can't pour from an empty cup. Take care of yourself first."
"You are allowed to be both a masterpiece and a work in progress, simultaneously."
"The real difficulty is to overcome how you think about yourself."
"You cannot heal a lifetime of pain overnight, be patient with yourself; it takes as long as it takes to rebuild yourself."
"I fight for my health everyday in a way most people don't understand. I'm not lazy. I'm a warrior."
"You are enough. You are so enough. It is unbelievable how enough you are."
"Depression is a flaw in chemistry, not character."
"And if today, all you did was hold yourself together, I'm proud of you."
"I am still me no matter my mental health."
"To all parents. Your child's mental health is more important than their grades."
"Mental illness is nothing to be ashamed of. Neither is talking about it."
"I'm still learning that who I am is enough, even though my health slows me down and I can't do everything I want to do."
"Sometimes painful things can teach us lessons that we didn't think we needed to know."
"Be gentle with yourself, you're doing the best you can."
"Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying I will try again tomorrow."
"You are one badass motherf***er because nothing is more terrifying than battling with your own mind every single day."
"Remember that you were given this life because you're strong enough to live it."
"Do not judge my story by the chapter you walked in on."
"Healing doesn't mean the damage never existed. It means the damage no longer controls our lives."
"You are a badass. Now go kick some ass."
"Do not give the past the power ot define your future."
"I believe in the person that I wanted to become."
"You wake up every morning to fight the same demons that left you so tired the night before, and that, my love, is bravery."
"It's okay to take it slow. It's okay to learn things as you go."
"The struggle you're in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow. Don't give up."
"What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality."
"There's no shame in dealing with these things. There's no shame in having to fight every day."
"What's to be ashamed of? I went through a really rough time, and I am quite proud that I got out of that."
"Not all scars show. Not all wounds heal. Sometimes you can't see the pain someone feels."
"Just do what you can today."
"I'm never perfect, but I'm always genuine."
"Life isn't waiting for the storm to pass. It's about learning to dance in the rain."
"My recovery from manic depression has been an evolution, not a sudden miracle."
"Mental illness is nothing to be ashamed of, but stigma and bias shame us all."
"I'm not going to sacrifice my mental health to have the perfect body."
"Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start."
"It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it."
"You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection."
"Every day begins with an act of courage an hope: getting out of bed."
"The best way out is always through."
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light."
"Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters seared with scars."
"All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better."
"Don't fake being okay. You only hurt yourself. Be real with what you're going through. Just don't let it consume you."
"Don't be so hard on yourself."
"We need so much more openness, transparency, and understanding that it's OK to talk about depression as an illness."
"You are not your illness. You have an individual story to tell. You have a name, a history, a personality. Staying yourself is part of the battle."
"Happiness can be found in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light."
"We must bring the issue of mental illness into the sunlight."
"The most dangerous thing, when you have a serious mental illness, is convincing yourself you don't have."
"We need to treat people with mental illnesses like people."
"Not talking about mental illness is killing people. We need that to stop."
"Mental illness leaves a huge legacy, not just for the person suffering it but for those around them."
"In an ideal world, it would not take a film star to get the media focused on mental illness."
"My goal is to see that mental illness is treated like cancer."
"It is possible and very common to overcome and manage a mental illness."
"For too long we have swept the problems of mental illness under the carpet... and hoped that they would go away."
"You are not alone."
"Sharing your suffering in any way, shape, or form will only lighten your burden, so share away."
"Everyone has some sort of connection to mental illness."
"People with a mental illness aren't mentally weak. In fact, they are incredibly strong."
"Mental health is often missing from public health debates even though it's critical to wellbeing."
"Insanity - a perfectly rational adjustment to an insane world."
"Someone has said that it requires less mental effort to condemn than to think."
"When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained."
"You can't patch a wounded soul with a Band-Aid."
"People understand me so poorly that they don't even understand my complaint about them not understanding me."
"It's a bit like walking down a long, dark corridor never knowing when the light will go on."
"I want to show that the dividing lines between sanity and mental illness have been drawn in the wrong place."
"I'm a big proponent of having a mental health component go along with whatever the physical realities are."
"Self-esteem is important to your mental health as legs are to a table. It is essential for physical and mental health for happiness."
"Sanity remains defined simply by the ability to cope with insane conditions."
"I want to break down some of the stigma associated with mental illness."
"We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list."
"Relationships are the agents of change and the most powerful therapy is human love."
"A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work."
"Once our minds are 'tattooed' with negative thinking, our chances for long-term success diminish."
"Take heart! Many great things have been done by people with poor mental health."
"Ideal mental health, like freedom, exists for one person only if it exists for all people."
"The people of this country desperately need to engage in an open and honest debate about mental health."
"Our wounds are often the openings into the best and most beautiful part of us."
"Positive mental attitude is determined by you. Not others."
"Our eternal message of hope is that dawn will come."
"One makes whatever revolution one can, each in their own way."
"Creativity, not normality, has become the paradigm of mental health."
"Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks."
"There is a source within us that always works to bring things into the light."
"Nothing is so much to be feared as fear."
"We but half express ourselves, and are ashamed of that divine idea which each of us represents."
"It is impossible to get out of a problem by using the same kind of thinking that it took to get into it."
"The acknowledgement of having suffered evil is the greatest step forward in mental health."
"Keep yourself busy if you want to avoid depression. For me, inactivity is the enemy."
"Faith, to my mind, is a stiffening process, a sort of mental starch."
"Ever more people today have the means to live, but no meaning to live for."
"If things start happening, don't worry, don't stew, just go right along and you'll start happening too."
"I'm convinced that we can shape a different future for this country as it relates to mental health and as it relates to suicide."
"Hope is a renewable option; if you run out of it at the end of the day, you get to start over in the morning."
"As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others."
"People take the mickey out of mental health, but it is very delicate."
"Your mind is a dangerous neighborhood and you shouldn't go in there alone at night."
"The multitude of the sick shall not make us deny the existence of health."
"Reality is never as bad as a nightmare, as the mental tortures we inflict upon ourselves."
"The ability to play is one of the principal criteria of mental health."
"Mental health and mental balance are critical to leading a healthy life."
"I have called you by name, you are mine... you are precious in my sight."
"The highest mental health is not liking myself but being joyfully interested in everything but myself."
"I feel that when we really love and accept and approve of ourselves exactly as we are, then everything in life works."
"I can't eat and I can't sleep. I'm not doing well in terms of being a functional human, you know?"
"Doubts are more cruel than the worst of truths."
"Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds."
"I always wonder why some people see things as weird and some people don't."
"I've come to terms with it, it knows I know."
"I hated being depressed, but it was also in depression that I learned my own acreage, the full extent of my soul."
"The past is dead: The future is imaginary; Happiness can only be in the Eternal Now Moment."
"You can never turn the clock back and, since we're talking about mental health, I would stress that."
"The feeling of being valuable - 'I am a valuable person' - is essential to mental health and is a cornerstone of self-discipline."
"Human beings have speculated about the relationship between inspiration and insanity for centuries."
"I believe that mental health services should be based on the premise that the origins of distress are largely social."
"Even with mental health as well as physical health, it's about taking responsibility and knowing that you're part of the solution always."
"The measure of mental health is the disposition to find good everywhere."
"I pin my hopes to quiet processes and small circles in which vital and transforming events take place."
"I was never really insane except upon occasions where my heart was touched."
"Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind."